>>I realize that you
are all different levels
of being able to do this.
Hopefully you all
know the merkaba.
That's a big advantage.
We don't have to talk about
that, which takes forever.
And I think that most of
you have your beams out.
I've looked at
quite a few of you.
You're doing very well,
most of them I've seen.
Better than I've seen before.
I don't know really why.
Usually when they
come out, the beams
are usually not perfectly
straight for a while.
They'll come out and they'll
kind of droop or bend
or something else like that.
You want to know the
funny thing is we're
talking about sexual energy.
It took me a long time
to figure this out.
Sometimes you see
people and things
go like this, their
little like horns.
[LAUGHTER]
And I thought it was
just kind of funny.
But it is interesting
when somebody really
gets into creation and
they're doing sexual energy,
they're really into it.
Their little side ones
kind of turn into horns.
They do.
I think that's maybe why we
say that or think about it.
But they do become horns in
other animals and things.
They literally, that is the
places where they emerge.
Anyway, so we know the merkaba.
We've got our
beams of light out.
I think you've done
pretty good on that.
Just keep working
on it and I don't
think there'll be a problem.
Usually it just requires
a little more energy.
When they're crooked or got
a little bends or things
like that, just
means more energy.
They'll straighten out.
It's kind of like in
those long balloons.
You blow them and
they're not quite full.
They pop out.
It'll do that.
And so we then know
about the heart.
And there's varying
degrees of some people
can get in, some people
can't, et cetera.
And that one, the easiest way
is to really be very childlike
when you're doing that.
And not get stressed out.
I gotta do this,
I gotta do this.
You'll never do it
with that attitude.
You have to be relaxed.
And the connection to
the earth and to the sun
to create that vibration
that gets inside of you.
Find your way.
Today when I lead
you through, we'll
bring you back through
the-- I'm going
to use a different system.
Because yesterday
we used the one
where we go behind
the heart and go in.
And for all of you
that are already there,
you just go there.
You don't have to listen
to what I'm doing.
You can just go to your heart.
You don't have to
worry about it.
But for the other
ones, we're going
to try a different way today.
It's simpler and
it's more female.
We just go into the
heart and use intuition.
You say, I'm going to move, and
when I stop, I will be there.
And you just start moving.
And sometimes it moves all
around in different ways
or sometimes it
goes straight to it.
But whatever it does,
when you stop you're there
and you just have
to trust yourself.
It's a very simple,
easy way to work.
But it does work
for a lot of people.
So we tried the other one.
Now we'll try this one.
But now you can use it a second
time, that same procedure.
It always leads you into the
outer part of the sacred place
of the heart.
But now you need to
find the tiny place.
And that sometimes
takes a long time.
But if you use your intuition,
again, and you ask for light,
you feel the vibration,
and now you're
sitting there
inside the outside,
let yourself move again
with the intention
that your movement will take
you straight to that place.
And then when you
get there, it'll
either put you right
in it or it'll bring it
right up to where it is.
And just trust it.
That's it.
And go in.
And so today we need
to find the tiny space.
And that's what
we're going to do.
Everybody understand that?
OK.
Once we get into the tiny
space, then immediately
you begin to rub that spot
on the tip of the tongue.
Remember to pull it out,
sucking like the clicking sound,
pulling it out.
And then begin to massage.
And every two, three,
four, five minutes
if it starts to
get a little dry,
stop, lubricate
it, and keep going.
And you just keep doing that.
And then once you do that,
you bring your attention
to the pineal gland.
Not the chakra, but the gland.
And with your intention, you
have it look at this spot
up here.
So it's looking
up and you turn it
so that it looks
through this place.
And at that moment when you're
looking through that place,
it isn't essential,
but it will help you
if you slightly cross your eyes
and you look at this place.
So your eyes can be closed.
But you ever so cross
them a little bit so
that you're looking up
high where this place is.
Because it'll keep you
focused on looking out
of here and not out of here.
It's so easy when you're
in meditation to forget.
You're doing all this
stuff, but you're actually
looking out of these
eyes and nothing happens.
You can do it for 10 years,
but nothing will happen.
You must look out of
this higher place.
You know like in India,
you see the little red dot
that they put in.
But very often it's usually
down low, down here.
And it's not the place.
It really is a lot higher.
It's way up here.
I know I'm spending a
lot of time on that,
but it's one of the places
where people make mistakes.
And it's one of those
little mistakes that
could just ruin everything.
And then you look toward
the pituitary chakra.
And the pituitary
chakra is kind of
like when you're looking at
this one inside of yourself,
when you're putting
the beams of light.
It'll be either
brighter or darker
in a little spot
in front of you.
And that's what
you're aiming at.
But it's going to be
up here, not down here.
It's going to be high.
And you just look
at that and you
watch it and you have to then
wait for this green light.
If the green light
doesn't appear,
you can't go beyond
that at this time.
But you know what to do.
So you have to practice.
And you'll find a place.
Again, very often
when you get home
and you're in the safety of your
own little place and everything
else, there's not people
watching, all other stuff.
It's sometimes easier.
And at which point,
that light will appear.
I've heard this so
many times from people.
Wow, I couldn't do
it in the class.
I tried and I tried,
but when I got home
it seemed easier somehow
and we were able to do it.
So once the green
light happens, then
remember you'll see
it spiral, connect,
at which point instantly behind
that you can follow right
through with your intention
and connect to the one
out in space in front of it.
That point the sphere
will appear around you.
And this will all be a halo.
It'll all be glowing
around your head.
And you are now in the
exact configuration
to begin the process.
And what I didn't say
last time and I'll say now
is that, say you've
done all this.
It's all happening.
You've connected all the beams.
Everything's there.
You don't have to think about
the sphere or the color.
You're not going to see that
because you're in meditation.
But once you've done all that,
you keep the tongue going.
But forget this.
Forget all this.
Bring your attention back down
to the tiny place in the heart.
Keep the tongue going and
just be in the image world
and just stay in the image
world and watch the images.
You can totally get into the
images and anything else,
but just keep the physical
body connected with the tongue.
At which point, you can
either use intention
and you can actually
create the images
or you're going to
let the images flow
and let life work through
you, depending on your nature
and who you are.
And I want to talk about this
tiny space for just a moment
too.
The tiny space is where all
the worlds were created.
Everything.
Every last planet,
every last galaxy.
Everything was
created from there.
And it's a place where what you
realize after time is that when
you're in this space and you're
there, you and God are one.
I mean, I know some people
have a hard time even saying
those words.
But I think you'll come
to the same conclusion.
You can think of yourself
merging with God or God
merging with you.
But you're not
human in that space.
You're something else.
And all sacred, all tiny spaces
of the heart are all one.
They're the same.
And so one of the
things we used to do,
and you could still do this
even now if you want to,
if you have someone that's
died before, they're not even
here anymore, but you
can go into that space
and ask them to be there
and poof, there they are,
real, and the body that they
had, that you're familiar with.
And you can talk to them.
And it's real time.
I've even had people prove it.
People have died
and this person was
talking about where they
left something in the ground
somewhere or something
and nobody knew or was
or how to get to it.
And when they went in there,
they just said, where is it?
And they said
exactly where it was.
Bam, that's right where it was.
You can set things up
to prove, if you want.
And I do this all the time.
I want to know.
It's either real
or it's not real
and I want to know
for sure it's real.
So I'm always making
tests to find out.
It's OK.
The heart is like your mother.
Children test their
mothers all the time.
It's OK.
It doesn't mean that you don't
love your mother or anything.
It's just you're checking
things out and it's all right,
it's OK.
And so you can run tests on it.
And those tests,
when you see them,
they increase your confidence.
They make you
stronger and allows
you to do greater things.
So another thing
that you can do,
which is very
powerful in evolution,
is when you're in
that tiny space,
you can bring your
higher self in.
It's probably easiest to
bring the angelic world,
because we're so close
in vibration to them.
But you could bring higher
forms of yourself in.
And you can talk to yourself
right then and there.
Sometimes by making that
connection inside your heart
to your part of
your higher self,
we have higher selves
to higher selves even.
I mean, it's more
complex than it seems.
But once you make connection
visually with your higher self,
that in itself is a
big accomplishment.
Because then you're getting
information and guidance
from a part of you that not
only loves you, but would
do anything to protect you.
And so you get very accurate
knowledge and information.
You can't always tell
what it is you need,
but your higher self can tell
very well what it is you need.
And so that's a big one
when you get that one.
You can move really rapidly.
And you can do it in your heart
easily and in normal meditation
you might never be able
to find your higher self.
But in this, you can
get it really fast.
It's a great thing.
And then there's
lots and lots more.
And explore it, just
like you were a kid.
It's a brand new world in there.
And there's so much.
My wife came into
my space one time.
And we went down
those little steps
that I talked about at the
end and into the green line
where there's doors.
And we're going by one door and
we both could feel this door
and we opened this door.
And there in this thing
in the middle of it
was a gold statue of Claudette
and I in union together.
And all around it were these
crystals and all this stuff
and everything else like that.
And we discovered that
in there, whenever
we would go in there together,
we could pick a crystal
and it would begin to tell
us with images something
that we both needed to know.
There was even a
huge treasure chest
over in the corner
where we lifted it up
and it was filled with
all this gold and diamonds
and all this kind of stuff.
And we could draw upon that.
I'm not saying you have that.
I'm saying that
we're all different.
But within there is everything
that you need in existence,
no matter where you are.
It's in your heart.
We are whole, complete, and
perfect, lacking nothing.
And the source of
how to heal anything,
the source how to bring anything
to us, how to bring balance,
how to do it, it's
all in our heart.
And the more you
rely on your heart,
the easier life gets
and the happier you get.
This is a really good thing.
And I hope you guys
figure this out.
This is complicated.
The merkaba is complicated.
And just go slow.
Go at your own rate.
And don't be afraid or say,
oh, I'm not going to get this
and I'm going to
lose it or something.
It's perfect.
You'll get exactly the right
time when you need to know
and when it is.
But you have to stay consistent.
You have to keep working on it.
You can't forget.
But you don't have to worry
about anything, nothing at all.
Just do it and it'll
all come about.
So I think I've done
a second overview.
Hopefully that
helped a little bit.
And now I'd like to ask
what questions you have,
because I know there's
probably something
in here you're not sure of.
So let's just begin.
OK.
>>I wanted to know
if it's always
needed to do the
thing with the tongue
or after a while
you can leave it.
And the second thing,
in what time do
need to operate the merkaba
in the normal sequence?
If you start from the
heart and not the merkaba.
>>Well, when we
rewrite everything,
it's the same information
rewritten, we will begin here.
And when you begin
there, if somebody's
starting all this work you've
been doing, if you begin here
and you go up through
all these procedures
and you go to the beam
and you set this up
and you connect this in, the
merkaba goes out automatically.
You don't have to do it.
And it's just an
automatic thing.
And then all you
have to do is learn
how to program it,
et cetera, and all
that other kinds of things.
You can actually do
the programming from,
well-- there may be,
I don't know this yet,
there may be simpler
ways to do things.
Where you can, just as you
leave intention or not,
you can do the same thing
with the programming
where you reside in here
and you let your merkaba
be programmed by your heart,
and without even your knowledge
even if you want to.
And it'll just keep you exactly
protected and everything else
in exactly the right leg
without you doing really
anything really.
The female way is
always very simple
compared to the male way.
The male way's always complex.
And so once we rewrite this,
I'll understand it more,
I'm sure.
The other question, the
first you asked was?
>>If you need to do the thing
with the tongue all the time
or after a while--
>>No, no.
You only have to do this
thing with the tongue
when you want to create.
If you just want to go into
your heart and be there,
you don't have to do the
thing with the tongue.
You don't need to
link this together.
You can just be in here.
But if you wish to
create something,
if you wish to know
something, well you
can actually get to know
something without ever
going through here.
But still, see, every time
I try to make it simple,
I keep thinking of things
that are more complex.
There are other ways to
use this information.
And this is sort of
a beginning thing.
It's like what she was
talking about where
instead of going from here
to here, you go the nose,
you go to the chin.
There are other ways to
use this configuration.
I don't know what they all are.
Right now I'm only going
by what the angels tell
me is necessary.
And we've dropped
out this entire thing
down here below because
we don't need to know it.
And so there's a lot more.
My job is to get you
and me and everyone
over into the fourth dimension.
Once I get you there,
you just won the game.
Because everything
from there on in,
your body's going
to grow really tall,
you're going to
get this big brain.
You're going to know
a whole lot of stuff.
You'll know
everything about this.
The main thing right
now is just get there.
And the rest of it will happen.
So I know there are probably
a lot of other things
we could do.
But we don't need to
know it right now.
Maybe you do and if
you need to know it,
then you can go in your heart
and gain that information.
You can gain any knowledge
of any person that
has ever lived or ever will
live from within your heart.
It's literally infinite in
terms of what's possible.
>>The correlation to get
through the tongue, that
would get-- it's temporarily
or after a while,
after several times that
you do that, you don't
need to use the tongue anymore?
>>No.
Any time ever that you are using
this system up here to connect
with the lower
sphere of the heart
and you are going to do
something outside of this,
if you're going to function with
both of these things together,
what links them
together is the tongue
on the roof of the mouth.
And the moment it's
broken, that's broken.
It stops.
However, if you've
been doing it,
you break it like when
you're wet in your mouth
and you go right back to it,
then it just instantaneously
is right back again.
But if you take it away and
don't do it for 30 minutes,
it's gone.
You have to start
all over again.
It's just like sex.
Exactly the same thing.
>>We didn't operate any of
the beams from the heart.
It automatically gets activated?
>>The beams of the heart.
The angels have
described where they are
and how they are and also with
the one below and how they work
and a lot of stuff to me and
talked about the eight breaths.
And I've got a practice I'm
working on right now associated
with the lower one.
But I don't fully
understand a lot of things
that are associated
with these beams
and how they work exactly.
But again, they're just
giving me what I need to know.
And they've given me more
than I need to know, really,
but I do know that
any time you're
going to use this in
association with the heart,
you can't use this with a
heart without the tongue
on the roof of the mouth
moving and touching.
You have to do it.
But sometimes you just
want to go into your heart
and just kind of explore,
like when Claudette and I
went into that room.
We didn't need to do this,
because we didn't need that.
We were in the heart.
And we were just finding
this space that somehow we
had both created.
And she has the similar
thing in her heart space.
And so if we're just
going to go into our heart
and explore or be or
just have fun, fun,
which to me is really important,
then you don't have to do that.
But if you're doing something
that involves making a change
and altering something
in the outer reality,
you have to have the tongue
on the roof of the mouth
and connect all
this stuff together.
>>Thank you.
>>How long do you
have to keep doing
that like at one
session at the time
if you want to create something?
>>You mean with the tongue?
>>Yeah.
>>As long as you are--
until you're done.
Once you set this
up, then you've
just got all the
energetic flow set up.
But then the real work happens
in the tiny space of the heart.
And so once you're in
there and you see the image
and you see what it is that
you're about to create,
then you just know, it's done.
When you get to a place,
you just know it's done.
When it's done, it's done.
You can stop.
>>Awesome.
Thanks.
>>Because it happened.
The translation from here
to the big outer sphere
happens very fast.
I don't know exactly how fast,
but it's very, very quick.
Like I said, it moves
from the toroidal field.
I don't know if I talked
about that or not.
It moves from the,
pretty certain,
it's from the inner
toroidal field, which
is from the inner space.
And those lines of energy move
up and connect at this point.
And these things, they
really are like antennae
that receive these images.
I'm sure that if we were in a
cosmic university right now,
they would think this was
like a child's drawing
and they would probably
go into extreme details
of all kinds of levels.
But on a basic level, this
point is what's so important,
this point above the head, one
hand length above the head,
approximately there.
That's where the image
comes in and these things
are on the surface.
And the image first appears
here like a nanosecond before
and then it goes to the big one.
And all of it happens very fast.
Once it's happened,
it's happened.
It's now reality.
So you don't have to
keep doing this anymore.
You can feel it.
You can feel when it happens.
And then that's it.
You can stop.
Or you can do something
else or whatever.
But that's all it is.
It's pretty simple.
>>Do you go back to
the same creation?
Like in your case
with your house,
you did it once and that's it?
>>That's it.
One time.
>>[INAUDIBLE] they're done.
>>That's it.
It's happened.
It's now reality.
You may not see it right away.
In our case, it took three
days before we saw it.
But that's not very long.
And it's happened.
In the fourth dimension,
though, if you
were to do something similar to
this in the fourth dimension,
it happens instantaneously.
If you saw the image, bam, it
would be there in front of you.
Babaji was really good at this.
Remember him?
He was able to manifest
entire huge palaces
and everything else like that
all with the blink of an eye.
And it's the same thing.
It's the same thing
over and over.
It isn't that there's
some other spirituality.
This is it.
You could go in a lot more
deeper, complex understanding
of it all, but this is it.
There is one thing, in
terms of this lower circle.
I don't want to get
into all eight breaths,
because it's very complex
and we don't need to know.
But there is one thing that
they had me practicing.
And I'll explain that to you.
It'll only take a few
minutes and it may
help something you're doing.
In sexual energy,
the Ankhing, which we
talked about in one of
the first two books.
Does everybody
know what that is?
Does anybody not know
what I'm talking about?
One, two, three, four, five.
Oh, there's quite a few people.
In Egyptian philosophy, the
ankh is the key to eternal life.
And all the walls when you
see a person holding the ankh,
it means they're immortal being.
They've been marked by that.
And they no longer die.
Doesn't mean that their
body lives forever.
That's not what it means.
It means that their memory
remains intact forever.
They never lose memory again.
It goes on and on and on and on.
And also, even though
you've lost your memory now,
immortality also means you gain
all your past memory as well.
And so the Ankhing is really
important in sexual energy.
I guess for people who
are watching this film,
it is a good idea
that I do this.
There are energy lines and
channels besides the meridians
and all these other kinds of
things, the way they flow.
There are geometrical
energy lines in the body.
And there is one that
runs straight up the body.
And there's another one
that runs, on a male,
exactly across the nipples.
It goes out.
And that forms that cross,
the Christian cross.
This being the heart chakra
exactly in the center.
It crosses between those two.
There's an actual energy flow
or lines that work on there.
And if you were to look
at this from the top,
looking down at a human
being, you wouldn't see that.
But what you would see is that.
That's this way.
What it means is that there is
another one of these coming out
three dimensionally this way.
So when you look above,
you can't see this line.
It's all in that one spot.
This line is that line.
But there's another
line coming out.
There's a cross from above.
And both of those symbols
are used for Christianity.
But there's another one
that's used in Christianity,
which is this one.
That wasn't drawn perfectly.
But all that should be exactly
at that point right there.
And this was a big, huge
secret a long time ago.
And it was pulled into
Christianity taken directly
from Egyptian thought.
And what this is, is the
cross here and the three
dimensionality of that cross.
But it adds one
line in there, which
is simply a part of the
understanding of what's there.
If you were to look at
someone from the front,
you see this, from
the top, you see this.
But if you look at them from
the side, what you see is this.
You would see this.
And then you would see that.
There's a loop.
An energy loop that goes
through the 13th chakra
back to the heart chakra.
And it's physically there.
It's actually there.
So if you simply erase that,
you get the Egyptian ankh.
This is really an
important key in sexuality.
That what happens is that when
the energy comes up the spine,
this would be the spine here,
when it comes up the spine
from the base of the
spine, it moves kind
of like this as it's going up.
And passing through each one
of the chakras perfectly.
But moving like a snake
as it goes up the spine.
If you have an orgasm in this
way, without doing anything,
the energy goes up,
it goes out the top,
and you just lost
all that energy.
You became weaker.
This is why in
Hinduism they actually
tell men not to have orgasms.
Because the Hindus did not, they
missed some important stuff.
And so they had to try
to compensate for it.
They invented ideas that
the sperm would come up
through these-- I
forget what they--
nadis I think they were called?
And they could see
what was happening,
but they didn't know
how to deal with it.
The Egyptians knew exactly
what to do to deal with it.
And so the Egyptians
say no problem.
You can have as many
orgasms as you want.
Doesn't make any difference.
Just do this and
it doesn't matter.
Because what happens
is the energy
does not go up the
spine like that.
It goes up the spine like this.
And then it wraps around
here and comes back.
And it keeps reverberating.
I was in Holland one time
and they were testing this.
And they made these
long rods out of copper.
And they filled
them with crystals
and all kinds of stuff.
But I don't know about that.
And in the bottom they
put a tuning fork.
So they had a rod like this
with a tuning fork at the end.
And at the top, they
had a place where you
could screw different forms in.
There's four basic
Egyptian power forms.
And they tried
putting the ankh right
on the very top like that.
Well when they took
the ankh off and they
would strike the tuning
fork, and I could time it,
and it would go for
certain length of time,
which was a few seconds,
maybe 10 seconds or so.
And then the sound would go
away so you couldn't hear it
very well after that.
But if you put the ankh on it
and hit the same tuning fork
with the same rod,
the thing just
kept going on and
on and on and on.
It went like a
minute and a half.
I mean, you could easily
see the difference in time.
And that's what
happens in your spine.
If you bring it up
and you ankh it,
the energy goes up your spine.
It then goes out the
back, comes back around,
goes over through
the 13th point,
it comes back down
to the heart chakra
again, and then
goes down the spine.
And it keeps coming back up
and wrapping around and going
back down and coming
up and wrapping around.
And so if you ankh
after orgasm, you
give yourself a lot more energy.
You don't weaken yourself.
You strengthen yourself.
And it is their
belief that this leads
into eternal life, the use
of sexual energy in this way.
You eventually become
immortal just by doing that.
And so that's something you'll
have to think about and decide
if you want to do it or not.
Well, it takes practice.
[LAUGHTER]
>>[INAUDIBLE]
>>I can't even imagine
ever having an orgasm
and not doing that
at this point.
You may not have noticed before.
A lot of people don't know this.
But the orgasm begins
with an in breath.
You pull it up.
And when your in breath
comes in, you pull it up.
And it's coming up.
And when it gets to this
point, by intention,
you have to force
it out the back.
You don't want to
go out the front,
because just like there's an
anti life cycle and anti life
cycle, if you go out the
front, it'll slowly kill you.
Maybe not slowly.
I'm not really sure.
I'm not even going to try it.
I believe my Egyptian teachers.
Says it goes out the back.
It's written right
on their walls.
It says it can only be
received from behind.
Meaning you have
to go out the back.
And so you may
say, OK, I'm going
to do it right
when it gets there.
It goes up and you're
like, oh, darn.
Got to do it again.
[LAUGHTER]
Really, it took me
three or four times.
[LAUGHTER]
Might take a little practice.
But eventually you'll get it.
And once you get it,
then the body gets it.
And once the body understands
it, it's easy after that.
Then you bring it up and it
just automatically goes around
and comes in.
And the first few
times you do it,
it feels like this
energy's coming down
and it feels like
somebody went like that.
I mean, actually hit you in
your chest, it's so powerful.
After you get used to it, you
don't feel that bam so much
anymore.
And once you set that
up and then it's just
going to happen from then on.
Unless you put the intention
that you didn't want
it to happen anymore.
But I don't know why, because
it makes a much stronger orgasm.
Lasts longer, feels better.
But it's healthier.
You're actually taking prana
from another dimensional world
and you're bringing it
right into your body.
You're filling your
body with prana in a way
that the body could really use.
It's a good thing.
It's a very good thing.
>>The same [INAUDIBLE].
>>Yeah, it's the same.
When a man and a woman
are facing each other,
one's going one way and
one's going the other way.
And it's that counter
rotating field again.
They're mirror
images of each other.
In fact, the entire
configuration between a male
and a female when
they're actually
facing each other like
this, one is a mirror image
of the other one.
And when all of their points,
if you have a female facing
this way and then a
male is facing this way
and they're facing each other,
all of their points line up.
Your chakra points
are in your body,
but they're also on
the tips of here.
They're literally on the tips
of each one of these things,
the eight basic chakras are.
And so when the two are
together and sexual union,
these two fields are
lined up perfectly.
And at the moment if they both
ankh like that, what happens
is the two fields
actually move together.
And the points all become one.
If you do this, you'll
find with your mate
that when you're doing
that, that you will
begin to come simultaneously.
It begins to get easier
and easier and easier
rather than just one person and
another person or something.
It actually becomes
a simultaneous thing.
It's very powerful.
>>Is that with or
without ejaculation?
>>No, with ejaculation.
You don't have to
worry about that.
Because if you're Hindu,
you really worry about that.
[LAUGHS]
But if you're Egyptian,
you go, you go for it.
It doesn't matter.
But if you ejaculate and you
do this, you bring it out.
You just bring it out
through the top of your head.
You just took all that
energy and threw it
in the garbage can.
You're making yourself
weaker and that's
what the Hindus found out.
If you keep doing that,
it actually makes you old,
it makes you weak and it's
not a good thing to do.
This is one more
aspect that's important
when we talk about sexuality.
That this is assumed
that you're doing this.
And then there is another thing.
Assuming you're doing that and
you have all these other things
and all this other
stuff known, you
can connect not from your heart
up but you can connect down
to the genitals.
And if you do,
there's a training
that begins with three breaths.
And the first one is when
you feel the orgasm coming,
you do the ankh.
That's the first breath.
And you make these breaths as
deep and as long as possible.
Because you only have eight.
If you go [PANTS] all
your breaths, it's over.
You have to understand that
there's time involved in here.
When it comes up, you
take a really deep breath
and you pull it all the
way up, let it go around.
And you still keep breathing
in, because as long
as you're breathing in, it's
flowing on breath number one.
And then when you're full,
you let it out very slowly.
Because it continues to pump
this prana into your system
continuously.
So it you could have
either just a little bit
into your system or you
could have massive amounts
into your system.
And so you keep pumping it
in there until you can't.
And you're breathing
prana at that point.
And that's with the ankh.
But when you go to
breath number two,
you still are breathing prana.
But you're now in
the merkaba field.
And you switch to what
you're familiar with.
Instead of doing this, you
instantly on the second breath,
you send the energy down
and up to your heart chakra.
Same place, but
from above and from
below bring it out
into the sphere,
bring it out into
the big sphere,
and send it through the
entire merkaba field.
And it energizes another
level of your existence.
And also you want to
simultaneously see
it being sent into the sphere
with all the beams of light.
And it's pretty much a
brain thing at first.
The next thing they're
teaching me right there.
And then on the third breath
is this magical breath
that I'm still trying
to learn how to do.
And I think I just
figured it out.
I'll know.
Because you'll understand
whether I know or not when
I get there.
The next one, you don't
you do not breathe prana.
You don't pull prana
in with your intention.
You bring in void,
nothing, nothingness.
And so you're breathing void.
And you bring it into the
sphere of this Leonardo sphere.
First from above and
below in polarity,
just like you did before.
But you focus on here.
And as you breathe in, but
then as soon as you do,
immediately you switch.
You have to learn how
to switch to a way
where you're breathing
without polarity.
I've thought about that
for four years now or more.
How do you breathe
without polarity?
The angel said you
will know you're
doing it right because
you will float,
you will break your
connection with gravity.
You'll float off the
ground about a foot
and your body will begin
to glow in the darkness.
And this is what
all these saints
are doing that are around
the world that are in caves.
They're breathing void.
The only thing that's necessary
to create is spirit and void.
That's the only two
things that are necessary.
And they may be the same.
But gravity is another
thing that seems
to be associated with void.
The Russians have discovered
that they now have found out
that the gravity, which is
everywhere in the same way
that void is everywhere or the
vacuum, they've now found out,
and this would take
a lot to explain
and it would take a long time.
But what they're
doing, there's science
that's coming out of Russia
right now supersedes everything
on Earth that I'm aware of.
There's nothing
greater than this.
The gravity field is a
living being and it's alive.
It's conscious.
And they can
scientifically prove it.
They can communicate with it
and change gravity at will
when they're in direct
communication with gravity.
And they know when they're
in connection with gravity,
because they break
the gravity field
and they float off the earth.
And this is the research that
they're doing over there.
The secret that lies, this
is what the angels keep
telling me, the secret is
knowing how to breathe void
without polarity.
That I've spent so much
time thinking about that.
I mean, it's really hard to do.
I went through a million
different configurations.
And I'm just now beginning
to understand because
of the plasma beings that are in
the earth that are teaching me
right now.
They've now show me the
secret to all of this,
but I haven't been able to
actually get to the point
where I can manifest it yet.
But at this point now
I feel like I know
where I'm going to do this.
And then there's five
more breaths in here.
These are the first three.
Once you break the
bounds of gravity,
then there are five more
breaths you can take.
And you're breathing
the elements.
You're breathing fire, then
earth, then water, then air.
And you go through
this particular stage
and then you breathe them all
at once on the eighth one.
And at that point,
in that moment,
you can create anything.
Anything.
Anything at all.
But it usually takes
three or more people
to do that in conjunction
with each other.
But they say that I could
do this level by myself.
And so that's what
I'm working on.
I'm just telling you
what I'm doing right now.
And after many years, I'm
finally getting to the place
where I think I understand
what the heck they're saying.
Where are you?
>>What do you mean by polarity?
>>What do I mean by
polarity is what I said.
Positive and negative, male
and female, up and down,
hot and cold.
In other words, you're
not reading from here.
If you're breathing
from above and below,
that's a polarity breath.
You're breathing from
this end and this end.
North and south, polarity.
If you're breathing from inside
and outside, that's polarity.
If you're breathing all from
outside going toward the end,
it's still polarity.
Or if you're breathing
from the inside out,
it's still polarity.
I mean, how do you do that?
And I could never figure
out how I could even
configure to make that
kind of breath yet.
And until recently, I
have a very good idea now.
We'll see what happens.
Yes?
>>Would that be
circular breathing?
>>Circular breathing is probably
associated with it, but not
in a circle.
I believe it is a
configuration that life uses.
Remember when I talked about
the golden mean rectangle, how
it will go in forever
and out forever
and that there's two universes,
but they're the same.
It's only when you can see
that male and female are not
separate but they're one.
And if you can get the
opposites to be one and not two,
then you're breathing
without polarity.
Yes?
>>You know how when you bringing
the breath in from the top,
you imagine the energy and prana
coming in from the top and also
from the bottom?
What if you closed
off the bottom
and you only brought the
energy in through the top?
>>Well, that's the same
thing as like breathing,
if you have a sphere
and you're trying
to only come into the center.
It still isn't a unity breath.
There's still an
inside and an outside.
This is like your
body, only in this case
it's more like the earth.
But it's still your body.
I tried that.
It didn't work.
[LAUGHTER]
I've tried a lot of things.
And that's one of them too.
And it didn't seem to work.
And when I was
asking this question
to the polarity beings, I mean
the polarity beings, the plasma
beings, they were the
ones that showed me
what I needed to know.
And where the inside of
the Earth is the stars.
The inside is the outside and
the outside is the inside.
There is no difference
between them.
Now that I see that that is
the reality, because there's
no doubt in my mind,
because I was there.
I went through it, I saw it.
Just as I've seen the outside,
I've now seen the inside.
And there is no difference
between male and female
except in the way we perceive.
It definitely makes a
difference in how you move.
If you try to move from
here from a spaceship
off the surface
going into there,
it's very difficult
to go great distances
except by doing exactly
what we did in the earth,
where you go into the stars.
You go right through the sun.
I remember when I
did this coming here,
when I came here from Sirius,
I flew this huge ship.
I told you that.
And I walked into
a being that had
been trained to fly the ship.
So I didn't have to learn how.
So I just rolled into
this body, stood up.
I was 16 feet high.
And I just knew everything.
I just knew exactly what to do.
I looked at the ship and I went,
oh yeah, I know what that is.
And I went down, sat down, and
there was all this paneling.
Knew what every
single thing was.
And we took off.
It took 400 people to fly this.
And we took off, we made
this big huge arc off
of Sirius, third planet out from
Sirius B. Made this arc around
and came right at Sirius A and
went just as fast as we could.
Just right into the sun.
And right through the center.
And 90 seconds later, I
came out this star, our sun.
So I traveled all the way from
Sirius to here in 90 seconds.
And it came out there and
slowed it way down and then went
to Venus where I
began my training.
But I remember as I
was making that loop
that that's the one thing
this body that I was using
didn't know.
It didn't actually
understand how it worked.
It knew exactly
what to do, but it
didn't understand the mechanism
of how flying into a sun
would put you somewhere else.
And then the plasma beings
had me do this consciously
when I was in there,
a very similar thing.
And I get it.
I get it now.
I understand it.
It's really simple.
But I'm still learning.
It seems like the
more you learn,
the more questions you got.
It just never seems to end.
Yes?
>>I just wanted to ask
you to explain more
about the second type where
you send the energy out
to your merkaba.
Like how do you do it?
Like do you connect--
>>This one?
>>Yeah.
Do you connect with heart
chakra or you just go down
and do your ankh?
>>This one is just Ankhing.
And we just explained that.
But on the very next
breath, with intention,
you do what you do, where you
bring the prana from the two
poles and meet it in here.
And then when it
radiates first the sphere
and it goes out of the
sphere, you let it keep going.
You don't contain
it and anything.
You let it keep going through
all of your energy fields.
And around this field
here is a sphere exactly
the width of the disk.
And so if for you it's
about 54 feet or so.
And so you want the
energy to expand
from where it comes
almost from the center
and then expand out into the
big sphere, this big one.
So it encompasses all
of your merkaba field.
We usually don't talk about
all this stuff out here.
We really pretty much talk
about the star tetrahedrons
which are right in the center.
But there's a lot more going on.
I mean, the entire
universe was created just
by the images that are
inside that sphere.
And there's a lot stuff we
don't talk about either.
This is the external
field of the merkaba.
And it's shaped
like-- where is it?
Oh, there it is.
It's got a pentagon.
So you'll see hexagons
and pentagons.
It's a pentagon on top,
pentagon on the bottom.
They're faced in
opposite directions.
And that's the axis of
your breathing tube.
And then there's a sphere
that goes around here.
That's the outer shell.
But when we talk about
these kind of forms,
each individual
one of them, we're
only talking about the surface.
I'm just talking about
the surface of this thing.
But internally, if you could see
all the lines moving in here,
you can't even hardly
see through this.
I've got one made out of
straws from McDonald's.
[LAUGHTER]
It's very cool though.
There's 60 of these on here.
And each one of them
is a tetrahedron.
And they start forming
these five pointed stars
and six pointed stars that
go in toward the center.
And when you get all the
lines of energy in there,
it's like a solid ball almost.
There's so many
lines, you can barely
find a place you
can look through.
And that is the true energy
field of just this one shape.
And you've got thousands of
these shapes inside of here.
And each one has a toroidal
field that's on it also.
Got you've got a torus
that goes out from this.
It's even bigger.
And there's all these toruses
inside of there, lots and lots
and lots of them.
They're all aligned
except for the heart.
It's the one thing
that is not aligned.
And when that orgasm happens,
the whole thing aligns
and you're all linked
together for the first time.
We're in one
organized structure.
That's all that's
missing in us is
that we don't have our heart
aligned with everything else.
So when I was talking about
sending the energy out,
you're sending it radially out
like a sun in all directions
to everything that's in here.
You don't have to know
what all that stuff is.
Just intention goes out
through the entire thing.
That's on the second breath.
But you also want to be
sure that it includes
the beams of light and
all that stuff in there
with your intention, because
that is a core aspect of this
that's so important.
In other words, the merkaba is
one thing it comes out there.
But the beams of
light and what goes on
in the brain is a very
essential, primal aspect of all
of this, even though
it looks different
and it looks like
it's almost unrelated.
It's not unrelated.
It is directly
connected together.
So I hope that
answered your question.
You just let it just,
with your intention
to go throughout
all your fields.
You don't have to
know what they are.
It's just the intention.
Go everywhere in my light body.
And that's the second breath.
And the third breath is where
you don't breathe prana.
You breathe void.
This is kind of a side thing.
I know it's kind
of a side thing.
But if you can do
this, everything else
is going to happen,
follow behind for sure.
Maybe I shouldn't have
talked about that.
I don't know.
Maybe I should have just
not talked about that.
>>I'd still like to ask
you a question about that.
Because you said
the other breaths
are related to the elements.
And I was wondering if
you know about the kahuna
way of breathing,
like they breathe
the elements in through their
skin, through their pore flaps?
>>All over the world
have different ideas.
A lot of people are involved
in breathing the elements.
And some of them
have different ideas.
Some think there's four,
some think there's five,
but there's really six.
There's six elements.
She was talking about
the kahunas, right?
And the kahunas, she
was talking about them
breathing the elements.
She didn't get into
detail of what that was,
but she was talking
about them breathing it.
And I just said that
all over the world,
there are people who understand
the importance of breathing
the elements.
So if you're breathing fire,
you're not breathing flames.
You're breathing the
essence of what fire is.
If you're breathing earth,
you're obviously not
putting dirt in your mouth.
You're breathing the
essence of what that is.
And when you breathe
the elements,
when you're creating
something big like a planet,
you want a planet to
appear out of nothing,
it requires all of those
elements, all six elements
to be involved in
that breathing process
or you won't create anything.
>>What are the six?
>>Well, there's fire.
Fire is the tetrahedron.
The cube is Earth.
Octahedron is air.
Icosahedron is water.
And the pentagonal
dodecahedron is prana.
And what void is, is a sphere.
And the sphere contains
all the other five elements
in the surface.
All of those five
elements sit on this.
A sphere will contain
them perfectly.
They'll be on the surface.
So void or nothing is
the key to all creation.
And so all creation really
only requires void and spirit,
those two things.
Spirit consciousness and
nothing can create anything.
Because nothing
contains everything.
But you can get more
precise, you might say,
by precisely not only
breathing just void in spirit,
but also bringing in
the other five elements
through your breath.
And when you do,
you're setting up
a vibration that is possible
for anything to take place.
Well, I don't want to go
into the sequence right now.
Because we don't need it.
That's why I'm feeling I'm
spending too much time down
on that third lower sphere.
We need to be in this one
and continue this process.
And when you get to the other
side of where we are right now,
you're a master on this.
You know it inside and out.
You'll remember everything.
Oh god, yeah, here it is again.
And you'll know
exactly what to do.
However, no matter how
much of a master you are,
very quickly we're going to
be entering into experiences
that you've probably
never had before.
The speed at which the evolution
is going to be taking on
and the levels of
which it's going on.
We're going to go from here to
the highest level in existence.
And I don't know the
exact time, but I'm
going to guess seven,
eight, nine years.
Which would normally
take the entire length
of a universe, usually billions
and billions and billions
of years.
We're going to do this
like the speed of light.
I mean, it's going
to be so fast.
And I can hardly wait.
If you like motorcycles,
this is going to be better.
[LAUGHTER]
So what I'd like to do is let's
practice some of this stuff
right now.
Let's get into the real thing.
We've talked about it enough.
I think we need to begin.
OK, let's just practice.
All the way through it.
And I'm going to turn this.
You guys are going to
have your masks on.
And I'm going to turn
this this way so I can get
a reference of where I'm at.
Through this part
here, I'm going
to assume you're in your heart.
So we're not going to go
into the heart right now.
We'll do that when
we get outside.
But right now you've
left the brain.
You're in the heart.
You've found the tiny
place in the heart.
And now we're
going to go through
from what happens when
you get to the tiny place
in your heart.
So I'm assuming you're in
the tiny place of your heart.
At which point you
now put your tongue
on the roof of your mouth
and find that little spot
and begin massaging it.
And maybe you might suck it
out a little bit, pull it out.
Not with a clicking sound, but
just right before you click,
that pressure you pull on
the roof of your mouth.
Pull it out and began to
massage that little place.
You actually can massage
that place for, I would say,
at least 10 minutes,
five to 10 minutes,
before you even
bother doing anything.
Because nothing's going to
happen that quick, usually.
Once you have done
this a while, you
can make this happen very fast.
But usually it's going
to take a little while.
You begin massaging this
place in your mouth.
And again, you don't need to do
anything else for a little bit,
because it takes
time for this energy
to build and become sensitive.
But when you feel that
it's becoming sensitive,
then that's when you know
you're in the tiny space
of your heart.
You know where you are.
But you bring your attention
up to the pineal gland.
And then with your
intention, you
tell it to look to
that place that's
way up above your
other eyes up higher.
And you have it rotate the
eye and look in the direction
of that opening.
That's with your intention.
That's the first thing you do.
Then you move your intention
to the pineal chakra,
which is just a tiny bit
of space in front of it.
And you then see the pituitary
chakra in front of you.
You find it.
It's in front of you.
The eye has been rotated.
It's looking in that direction.
And so in that
position, you continue
to look at the pituitary chakra
until you see the green light.
You can't go any further
There's nothing you can do.
Your alpha is not strong enough.
What you can do while
you're doing this
is think happy thoughts.
It's kind of like Peter Pan.
It's the way he was able to fly.
How do you fly?
You think happy thoughts.
And seriously,
really, you can start
thinking about someone you
love while you're doing this
or you can just feel joy.
Anything that makes you
happy and feel happy.
Maybe it's a cookie for you.
Whatever.
That makes you feel
happier, you've
just increased the
chances that the alpha
is going to be strong enough.
But just feeling someone
that you really love
is a very powerful one.
And then there's nothing
you can do at this point
but continue the
process with the tongue,
knowing you're in the
tiny space of the heart,
and looking from the pineal
chakra to the pituitary chakra.
And you have to wait
till the light comes.
OK, let's say the
light comes now.
And the light appears.
And then there's still
nothing you can do.
But you realize that the
alpha is strong enough
and that it's going to happen.
It will happen.
Once the green light
appears, it will happen.
It's just a matter of time.
And so you get prepared.
You know that is
now going to happen.
And then what's
going to happen, it
may take another five minutes
or something like that,
or who knows.
And then this thing is going
to do this amazing thing where
it turns into a
spiral or it turns
into concentric circles
or concentric squares
or it becomes a tube
or maybe something
I've never seen before.
But you will know
that what's happened,
it's a really strong feeling
when this takes place
that you know something
amazing is taking place.
And it happens.
And so once it happens in
the spiral goes in there
and links with the
other one, then all
it takes is the intention
to look through that chakra
to the one that is outside of
your head and link with it.
It's really easy to do that.
It's not hard.
That's not one that
stops anybody ever.
But once you connect all the
way through, then that's it.
You can then drop your
attention on the brain
altogether and bring
your attention down
to this tiny space of the heart.
Except that you must
continue the tongue moving.
And now you've done that.
You then either use
intention or not.
If you use intention, then you
intend for something to happen.
And you see and sense
and feel the images
associated with that.
And then once you see it
and you feel what it is,
a knowing comes.
I don't know how to say it.
You just know that it's done.
At which point it's over.
You can drop the tongue.
You can do anything
else like that.
You either come out
of the meditation
or you can go in and just stay
there and keep meditating or do
something entirely different.
But the creation process of
what you just did is done.
It's really simple.
It is not complex once you
understood what's going on.
OK, you can take your
masks off now for a moment.
I wanted you go through it
with your masks on so you could
go with the sensation
of the feelings of what
we're talking about.
I'm going to tell you
what happened when
I was in the chamber with him.
On the fourth day or
fifth day of this work,
and Claudette was with me
going through this too.
Dr. Hart confided
in me that he was
about to lose everything he had.
At 5 o'clock that evening,
he was going to go bankrupt.
And he had to go to the bank
and sign these documents
and he lost everything.
Because what happened was they
created, using the secret,
the brain function,
they have been
able to prove that that's
true scientifically.
And when I talked about the
negative side effect coming
from we don't see,
he goes, yeah,
we're figuring that one out now.
And what happened
was they went in
and they used the brain to
create so that he could make
a whole system up in Canada.
And when he did, this guy came
in and gave him all this money.
And he went out and took
that money and a bunch
of other money and bought
this land up in Canada so
that they could own the land.
But he went way out
on a limb to do this.
So he was financially
vulnerable.
And then the dark side came in
from the back and the guy who
was supposed to give them
the final $1.5 million
dollars, which would have
paid off all of his bills
and everything like that,
was taken by the IRS
and all his assets were frozen.
And so no money.
He was out.
he was going to lose everything.
So he said to me, I understand
what you're doing now,
but I don't know how to do it.
He says, can we do that?
He says, well, something like
this will take three people.
And so Claudette
went in one chamber,
I went another chamber, and Dr.
Hart went into another chamber.
And then I was the one that
was going to do the dreaming.
So I just went in there and
once I set everything up
with all the stuff that
we're talking about,
then I saw the image of somebody
coming in and saving him
kind of at the last minute.
And then the images came
in of these things being
formed all over the place.
It was kind of interesting
watching what was happening.
I was letting God do it.
So I was watching more
stuff was coming in
and all kinds of things,
I was watching all this.
And then at the very
end there was this image
that was just thrown in there
which seemed pretty random.
It was that Dr. Hart was going
to go on Larry King Live.
[LAUGHTER]
So I went back and after
we came out of that,
I told Dr. Hart the whole thing.
I said, well, this
is what I saw.
And then at the end I
said, looks like you're
going to go on Larry King Live.
He goes, are you kidding me?
I said no.
This is what it said.
So what happened was he
went to the bank at 5
o'clock that night.
He said he was down, the pen
was heading to the paper.
And this person broke through
the doors and said no, no.
He says, I know
what's happening here
and I'm not going
to let it happen.
And he flops down a check
a million and a half bucks
on the table.
He says, this will
cover everything.
And then that night
when he was asleep
and he hadn't had a
chance to even talk to me,
somebody calls them
him Holland and said,
I've been watching
you for years.
And I've got six and a half
million bucks or something
and I want one of
these over here.
And then right after that,
the next day, the guy
from Mexico calls.
And it just started.
It was really weird.
It was just coming
from everywhere now.
And so Dr. Hart told me,
he says, well, it worked.
At least something worked,
because I was saved.
I'm not going bankrupt
and I got everything.
But about three or four
months later, Larry King Live
calls him up.
[LAUGHS] They come out,
they filmed the whole thing,
and he goes on Larry King Live.
It actually happened.
And that was the piece.
I think that the
reason my heart did
that was the other things
you could say, well,
that's coincidence.
That's coincidence.
But that's just too
much to be coincidence.
[LAUGHS] It was like, oh,
yeah, well try this one.
And that's what happened.
I think that we're
just about ready.
Ah, oh, E, I, O, U. Sometimes Y.
[LAUGHTER]
Losing control of my voice.
I don't know.
Do you want to try this
on your own one time
without me saying anything?
>>No.
>>No?
[LAUGHTER]
Well then in that case,
let's go out to the land.
And I will talk you
all the way through it.
And we'll just go
through the whole thing.
But all you can do
is get to that place
with the green light.
And if you can't
get the green light,
you can't go any further.
But if you do get
the green light,
and what I've found in the
past is 30 to maybe 40% of you
will get the green light,
and maybe more this time,
because there's 51 people that's
already been in the heart.
You guys can go all
the way after that.
Once you do that,
you know what to do.
Once you see the
green light, it links.
And then all you do is just
look through to the other one.
That links and then bam, you
just go down to your heart.
Keep the tongue going
and everything's now
done inside the heart.
Here we are walking out into
the beautiful nature of Sedona
and her red rocks that seem
to be reaching to the clouds,
about to have our final
meditation with our group.
People are excited, not only
because of the natural beauty,
but because of our
inner beauty that
becomes so obvious once we enter
the sacred space of our heart.
As we come to the
completion of our workshop,
we can reflect on
the stages of growth
that we have experienced.
On the first day, we began to
realize how powerful love is
and how we become weak
when we enter into fear.
But with love, we
can change the world.
And Claudette's Blue
School opened our heart
to our human potential.
For example, she showed us our
ability to see spherically,
and it was only the beginning.
On the second day, we learned
that we could heal anything,
any human disease, and
talked about masters
as they performed what
seemed to be miracles.
But really it is just
science and it is something
that all of us can
do if we only focus.
Then we began to heal each
other in an experience that
not only healed many
people who were present,
but the experience will
stay within their hearts
for the rest of their lives.
On the third day,
we entered the mind
to realize the
nature of the brain
and its possible intimate
relationship with the heart.
We learned to activate
our pineal gland
and open our beams of
light around our head,
preparing the connection to
link the heart to the brain.
On day four, the door
of knowledge opened wide
and we learned,
or more accurately
we remembered, the
inner science ascension.
We reconnected
our beams of light
coming from our
pineal gland and then
we reconnected our heart to our
brain and opened our third eye,
makeup it possible
to dream a new dream.
Finally, on this,
the last day, we
studied the tantra of the
heart, the use of sexual energy
with the creation
process and exactly
how to create from the
tiny space of the heart.
Now we are ready to truly
begin to ascend into the higher
worlds of consciousness.
All you need to do
now is to practice.
So the meditation
becomes a natural part
of your consciousness.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
You who are watching
this film, I
wish to thank you for having
the courage to something
that is so outside of
national consciousness.
And my prayer is that
you also remember
the truth of your
existence, begin
to breathe from your
tiny space of your heart,
and to remember your intimate
connection to the source
of all life everywhere.
Without even knowing you,
I can say I love you.
For you are me and I am you.
Trust in yourself.
Stay connected to mother
earth and father sun
and you will find your
way through the darkness
of this world into the
brilliant light of the new world
that you will create.
In Lak'ech, from
my heart to yours.
[MUSIC PLAYING]